[Music]
Hey, how's it going family, how are you? I don't know
if you remember Quesada. He's a guy who's
been here three or four times,
debating, we've been debating
with respect, very respectfully,
exchanging differences of opinions.
No, and it turns out that today they're
founding it very strongly on Twitter. I don't care. They're
forming it very strongly for a
tweet that's really hungry. The tweet, I
really think it's nice. Thank you very much.
And I find it unfortunate, at least it does
n't say tomorrow his last name will turn 18.
Greetings,
the tweet is very reliable. No, I don't know if it's
some kind of joke, but he did
try to make jokes about relationships. The
truth is, let's see. I
don't understand with what, with what, with
what intention this joke is being made. I
made him a [ __ ]. Well, starting tomorrow, you
won't be doing so much there. I'm going to record
this kid's bowl and milk.
My name is the studio. My name was the
other day,
as a joke, nothing. He said that he was his
star. Let's
see, but it remains. Does Quesada not look
like he's 30 years old or something like that?
Not exemplary, he's 22 or something like that, anyway.
Well, starting tomorrow you won't make
such a fool of yourself with your comments
about minors. Congratulations,
brother. You've been making a fool of yourself
with everyone regardless of
their age ever since you decided to get up on
stage to compete. It's
better to make a fool of yourself. Second in
Spain competing for something that
involves your talent than to be drooling over
a 17-year-old line publicly
saying things out of place. The only one
drooling over the cold is you who jumps on
your bandwagon with low-cut women so that they
give you visits. Don't be double-standard. Second
in Spain. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's not
funny. Fly rancid. Wow, yeah. Because your
parents probably aren't
5 to 10 years apart.
It's just that it doesn't stay. It's quesada. The trio is
unfortunate. At first,
the tweet isn't unfortunate enough.
[Music]
But like, if he's the best, he's 22. It's
not a big deal. There's no better plan than for
a 22-year-old to be with a
16-year-old. 17
is 24. It
's legal, it's
key. A 30-year-old guy doesn't like it.  you're going to like the
16 line no matter how legal it is
to me personally I usually like it
or the same as me older older
than me microns for example it
would be Paula Echevarría you know not
after my wife of course
I love Paula Echevarría if I like
some famous person some trio something that is
smaller younger than me it's because they
look older generally
without skipping that they are friends and they enjoy it I will
always know but it's
true that people are not canceling to
continue calling him pedo let's see I
don't know the soler called me on the weekend and
any day that I pass by here in
Seville we will record it
to see Caribe
as legal and s they have been
blocked they have
been blocked then they were
really enjoying it
then I was really insulting it
depends on how old Quesada is I
also tell you yes it's true that he
looks like he's 30 but I know he's not
but I say like
you are 34 years old with your partner
6 56 56 it already depends on the age of course if
you are 20 years old a girl is not enough
14 or 13
but if you're 30 you can be with
a 23 year old person
well then legally you can be
with 16 you
know let's
see it's smokeable in the sense that a
little bit
the real today thank you very much it's a
little bit like unfortunate the tweet okay
but in truth
I got made with my partner
yes yes now we see the mysteries let's
see what people put Caribbean it
's a little unfortunate in the way of
saying it
knows for example what the joke is what
the joke is that
is very good
and that changes from being 17 and a half to
being 18
as he is already of legal age he was already of legal
age of
consent is 16
since how to be like I don't know it
's weird I have been with
my partner for quite a few years what is bad is the way of
saying it in the tweet if it is like a little
sometimes if the word turbid because
turbid very ugly the word sounds very bad
but if like that it is a shocking tweet
in a shocking tweet
but it happens it's okay to use it depends on
the  age of each one like if you are
25 you are with a 35 year old it is
totally legal
if you are 25 you cannot be with a
15 year old
and if you are 20 you cannot be with a
10 year old if you are 22 you cannot
be with a 12 year old from this place already
but an 18 year old girl that
a 23 or 22 year old boy likes I don't know how old he is
quesada
what happens has it
been shady I think not shady no
sorry it doesn't mean that sorry I
think it has been more because people
believe that she was like 30 or 40
in fact quesada when she is talking
to him and she is my age and then we think
that she was 20 years old or 20 and a little
by 24
is 6 years let's
see what for people
daniel holder
I don't like this guy but he got a
king of hate justified in truth that in
those years of difference many
things happen but it would not seem crazy to me
that someone of 17 has sexual maturity and the
capacity to think for themselves if they
want to be  with someone or not we are
talking about a 24 year old boy said
in the form of the century what he expects like
me they are watching him the age of the
detainees
so unfortunate the way of writing but
put possible written
what are compliments
or in some direct eyes and I love
life and I hope to be able to meet her something
like that nothing happens
no it is not anything the
serious thing is not the age difference
between the two the serious thing is the '
call effect' that generates on a woman like
a piece of meat that is already ready to be
legally penetrated by all those who
perhaps after reading your message
will harass her
if the way of treating her
in the tweet that has nothing wrong or
illegal or anything like that is the
way of
what is missing a little I would not know how to
explain files I do not know if you could
solve the ballot
317 me when I was 20 2 I think it was let's
see I have been with Lorena
I have been with Lorena for
Lorena 13 therefore I was 23 okay
well the girlfriend that I had before had a
program  19 or so also the literal one
is similar
if it is a stale comment it is a
comment like that I don't but really if you
look at it
calmly nothing happens it doesn't
smell stale it smells terrible tomorrow is one
less day for you to die weird
weird this that I'm fighting wat
afa what's wrong with this guy you disgust
so many meetings they are 24 years old
bro well support old lady smells like an
old dog this shot of [ __ ] and it smells bad
from here
tomorrow the avenue occupy 18 years a
Turkish greeting
[Laughs]
pedophile let's see what he
has
then he has me blocked let's
see what twitter is like it's mysterious I
already have it I would
n't block
what happens with quesada is that the
freestyle community is super
moralistic and they already see him as the fascist that's why they
go neck with him I
didn't want to say it because I don't
want to get into a mess of something that I don't
know okay but when I was
talking to the liver the whole debate
with them and reacting to videos of
people who criticized me because it is the
debate with it because of the argument that I
had  with my vest and everything like the
day there is a change of ideology you don't know
how that Quesada is not of the ideology
that people in Chen's world usually are
or that I don't know why
what he is
[Music]
freestyler I don't understand it
but at least the people that I saw in
the videos I was reacting in peace I saw
as if they were of an ideology and they
consider fascist the considered of the
opposite to mister ego let's
not continue
world we could say that
as leftist the majority or all I don't
know I
ask you know that from there he
says the fact of blocking me is not going to make you
less of a pedophile talking sack of [ __ ] I do
n't know if they know what a pedophile is
but a pedophile is a person who
likes children
under but like
eight or ten years old
but then when I was a teenager that
fire philia
18 I
don't want to have these words in me you
don't say play and in Costa Rica the
permitted age is 5 years being with a
minor but many young women go out with
men up to 10 years older and nobody  he
tells them nothing
the permitted age is 5 years being
with a minor
horrible
hunger
5 years apart to host mica
hello [ __ ] man
I [ __ ] on the [ __ ]
people who practice pedophilia
16 children who have not yet reached
adolescence of course like there is not
an age but before
adolescence 10 11
depends on each wheat
then there is the ephebophilia that those who
like boys or girls of
11-12 13-14 minors minors
24h that is not that it is not a pedophile it is jazz how
strong not
first up to two minutes of your time
in looking up what a pedophile is after
learn followed by that delete this tweet
apologize we all know what you are
talking about not to say names in little
reportable because it is not it seems
quite cowardly on the part of mister and I
am quite sure that he knows that
quesada only has 24
people defending quesada the world
will check fago and that is the sample
my mother the truth my head  pull
hard if he was practically the
same age as Paula ha ha ha is store
radio abc
legal consent in Spain is
16 girls are 18 and every 24 they are not
even a couple just from a crash on the
internet go and thank you very much accusing
someone of pedophilia for something like that is
laughable he did not name names because it seems
ordinary scared of a complaint
like with Javier and Beira and me because I
am oh god it
always happens the same look south day and without
David
Basad and Ximo I just heard the
closed orto let's
see you can't report it my brain
are you aware that the one who is 18
and the 24 pedophilia what is
pedophilia
lately very yellow topics come out in
fact there
are days when you lose the night Pedro
Palma thank you very much Rey
and even
[Music]
look at it look at it there
look at it there
but I think that even though the age of
consent is 16 I do
n't know if there are a couple of years that for
example although
imagine the boy or the girl one of the
two has
no  no but that is not going to be
asked Alexa of
course it is true we only have
Alexa's question always it is that
imagine I hear myself here a neighbor or
someone hears you I believe that there is the
age of consent 16 but for
example if the boy the girl is 15 and
the other is 17 or 18 yes it is worth it if it is
allowed I also think that there is something like that
too or rather the age of
consent is 16 but
for such people with a difference
I have tripled like ass but I don't know if you
understand me for example a
24 year old cannot be with a 15 year old
but an 18 year old I think that if you are
actually an 18 year old with a 15 year old
if she is a minor the
age difference cannot be greater than 5 years mari thank you very much thank you very much
Maria I do
n't know up to what how many years it is and
how it is but it is something like that
if she is 15 and the other is 17 nothing happens
for it to be legal there has to be a
difference of 4 years then it would be
if maybe the girl were 15 she
could be up to  with someone 19 no
bro here's someone who tells him
[Music]
reasons wants to have but everything they
criticize is due to being a type of
route content
saying that he's a pedophile
when quesada is 24 note 18 and between
him and paula they were five years apart without
sense bro the name paula is
like the condoms you used is too
big it seems that everything is a fart
according to twitter I think that if they are both
minors nothing happens since they
met before one came of
age well let's clarify the
issue of legality Hector but
also a little thing about him of logic
crazy kid that he was for a
16 year old
I before this colony didn't have that I
was 23 because she would be 19 of course I was
four years with her bro
the name pau far from the condoms they
use is too big for you paula is 25
and I'm 28 if you add 25 28 you get that to
choose let's
see if he had art but he took side in
quesada said
what a [ __ ]  disgusting with 30 sticks already sticking my
head in a 17 year old mutt with the cross
of face in 18 to co
but if he wants he is 30 he has nothing
to do with the fact that the one who comes out is 24 and there is a 6
year difference I do not see it as
crazy men if she has been doing it
publicly besides since she is
that goes like this she found out that it existed in the
summer or at least that is how she made it seem
publicly
and let's see and what she knows she is saying you die
ok my joke I am not terminator I put them
in an hourglass I go around in
circles I sentence in a link made
of naco pino I do
not understand let's see
when you will realize that my wheat
is not the sincere one of the scene but the
liar he
is super small
but where do I go down in this heavy photo
but where do I go down and I say
where do I get off in this quesada photo
not even at 20 would I see 118 behave the gentleman
but what do you do of all the networks
when you went crazy for a
sterile reason of that video where I appropriated
of your exclusive and since then I did the
same thing that you turn into networks you have been
talking about me since then both on
twitter and in the interview that with
venues both on the network and on the
bat mobile in addition to that you do a
prestige campaign to throw me off the
network and leave me without a job because you
feel like this I don't know if we discussed it
on the channel but we were talking about it or
if we didn't discuss the specific subject just like that
and this is for you
too, you talk about my age and you call me
pedophiles to win the rights to
my hiter in Madrid we coincided at the Red
Bull and the truth is that he had a
[ __ ] great treatment from you because
truly Juanes is a 10 but
Mister ego stinks and strong these people and
your character is like that in the battle and
makes a show around it but don't
overstep limits
now you're going to tell him that annoying
now I
remind you that the only one on the scene
who came out to break his face for you and the
freak when those from Dallas were me and look how much
hate fell on me as a result of the
debate with Jabil  and beira I'm really
going to retire I have no business here
south to south look
and
this is the real cameos
this is the real change there you are
all over your [ __ ] face I
wish you the best juan but if you say you
don't want to know anything about me try to
ignore me like I have done with you since you
decided to campaign to leave me
unemployed I don't play with your bread or
your job and much less get into your
personal life I never called you a bad
person thief or derivatives like others
do
because I know that's not the case and finally I
answer you here publicly first
because the last time I wrote to you the
watch you didn't want to know anything about the matter
and second so you can see what happened to
monetizing controversies as many claim
chicken there would be support he made a
video quesada
because they are not calling everything
but that has been seen no way it's not
funny that he calls you in a drunken state
if he has his strength the role the god south
released by force the role a lot for
na valero that they have smoked you quesada
but so you can see what it feels like
when they call you that  abate says the
[ __ ] they [ __ ] on your [ __ ] mother he tells you
in Spain they call you chorizo ​​and they even applaud you
okay but to be accused of that to be
told that is really ugly man you get a feeling
in your chest it's like it grabbed your
heart and squeezed it
be like that and it will stop
and the same person who calls himself dallas called you that
and besides of course there's nothing
wrong with your tweet it
's a little ugly the way you said it was a
little unfortunate maybe there's
nothing wrong with it I like
paula echevarría and she's like 41 if she
liked me which is most
likely
thank you very much
if she doesn't like I know if she likes you
which is most likely well yes she
's 41 22 alex and thank you very much and the thing is that as
for members today no that as for members
today they could have made 20
new members here but in tweets I think we've
made like 40 or 50
if she liked me that would be the most
logical thing  of the world because she is probably
7 years older than me, I don't care, of
course
nothing happens,
this is so familiar, up to here the
theater
[Music]